1)Java main method is the entry point of any java program. Main method() must be static because 
   it is a class level method.Its syntax is always public static void main(String[]args).you can only
   change the name of the string array argument.

2)The different control flow statements available in java such as:
   (i)Decision making statement
   (ii)Iteration statements
   (iii)Branching statements

3)Break statements:
   (i)The break statement is used to terminate the loop immediately.
   (ii)Break keyword is used to indicate break statements in java progamming.
  Continue statements:
  (i)The continue statemen is used to skip the current iteration of the loop.
  (ii)Continue keyword is used to indicate continue statements in java progamming.

4)Array is a collection of similar data type and its define with a square bracket.
  Array declaration: 
 (i)Literal - int[]arr={1,2,3};
 (ii)Using new keyword - int[]arr=new int[3]

5)The ArrayIndexOutofBoundException is thrown if a program tries to access an array index
  that is negative,greater than,or equal to the length of the array.

6)Syntax for crating object:
  Classname objectname=new constructor();
  
  when we create instance of a class by using new keyword it allocate new heap for newly created
  object.
  while creating naming convention should be giving as methods.Methods should be verbs in mixed
  case with the first letter lowercase,with the first letter of each internal word capatilized.

7)Variables are containers for storing data values.It has name,value,type.
   variable declaration:
   Datatype followed by the variable name - ex:int a=10;

8) A sequence of character is called a String.string can be surrounded by double quotes.    
   string is a class in java.
   Is it a data type:
   A string is a special datatype in java.it comes under Non-primitive data type.

9)The different ways to create the string object in java such as:
   (i)Literal:(string constant pool)
   String variablename="stringvalue";  ex: String name="Testleaf";
  (ii)Using New keyword:(Heap memory)
  String variablename=New String("value");  ex:String name=New String("Testleaf");

10).Equals:
     It is a method and It is used to compare the string(To check the content).
     ==:
     It is a operator and it is used to compare the string(To check the memory address).
