1)Selenium is an automation testing tool used to  test web-based applications.It is a open-source tool 
   that automates web browsers.
   Different components of selenium such as:
   (i)selenium IDE
   (ii)RC
   (iii)Web Driver
   (iv)Grid
   Selenium WebDriver:
   Selenium webdriver is used to automate web application testing to verify that it works as expected.It
   supports many browsers such as firefox,chrome,safari etc.

2)To communicate between server and client(browser).selenium web driver uses JSON.JSON wire 
   protocol is a REST API that transfers the information between HTTP servers.each browser driver has 
   its own HTTP server.

3)The locators available to find an element using selenium such as:
   (i)Id
   (ii)Class name
   (iii)Tag name
   (iv)Link text
   (v)Class partial
   (vi)Xpath
   (vii)Css selector

4)ID is prefarable than xpath:
   ID is considered as unique key so there cannot be more than 1 elements for same ID while xpath is 
   created using relative path/position elements,so there can be cases when we can get two or more 
   elements for same xpath.

5)Select value in dropdown:
   (i)SelectByVisibleText
   (ii)SelectByIndex
   (iii)SelectByValue

6)Absolute path:
  Absolute path start from root node and its start with single slash(/).
  Relative path:
  Relative path start with currrent Tag name and its start with double slash(//).

7)In order to check if a checkbox is checked or unchecked,it can used the selected() method over the 
  checkbox element.
  The selected() method returns a boolean value of of true if the checkbox is checked otherwise it 
  returns false.

8)System.set property:
   (i)It is used to configure the browser driver path.
   (ii)The selenium client library communicates with the chromedriver via the JSON wire protocol.
   (iii)The chrome browser driver acts like a link between the selenium implementation code and 
   the chrome browser.
   WebDriverManager:
   (i)It automates the browser setup in the selenium code.
   (ii)By default,it downloads the latest version of the browser binary and also the binary for the 
      appropriate platform.
   (iii)we have to add the dependency for WebDriverManager in case the code belongs to maven
   or gradle environment.

9)Syntax for preceding x-path:
   //input[text()='testleaf ']//preceding sibling::input
   Syntax for following x-path:
   //label[text()='testleaf ']//following sibling::label

10)To get an attribute value using selenium WebDriver:
    To get Attribute() method of the element interface returns the value of a specified attribute on 
    the element.if the given attribute does not exist,the value returned will either null or " " (the empty
    string).
  	
